# PFL2

Projeto 2 PFL

T05_G06

up202105090 : Guilherme Cortes Pina Oliveira Santos 
Contribuition: 50%
up202108796 : Francisco Tom√°s Marques Lopes
Contribuition: 50%

## Introduction

This project is separated in two primary sections. The first section 
focuses on the creation of an interpreter for a basic low-level 
machine language. This machine language operates with configurations 
comprising a list of instructions (or code), an evaluation stack, 
and a storage component. The instructions range from basic 
arithmetic operations (like addition, multiplication, and 
subtraction) to more complex control flow commands (such as 
branching and looping). The goal is to build an interpreter that can 
execute a given sequence of instructions on the machine, 
manipulating the stack and storage according to the defined 
operations, thereby simulating the fundamental operations of a 
low-level computational model.

In the second section, we shift our focus to a higher level of 
abstraction with the development of a compiler for a small 
imperative programming language. This language includes typical 
constructs such as arithmetic expressions, boolean expressions, 
variable assignments, conditional statements, and looping 
constructs. The challenge lies in translating these high-level 
constructs into the low-level machine instructions defined in the 
first part of the project. This process not only involves the 
generation of appropriate machine code for each construct but also 
necessitates a keen understanding of expression evaluation, stack 
manipulation, and control flow within the low-level machine model.

## Main approach


